Tribes 2: Birth Of Legend Version 'Development'
By Dark Dragon DX & Alviss ("EmperorsChamp")

 --- Developing Team / Contributors ---

 - Coders & Script Sources
Dark Dragon DX
Alviss (EmperorsChamp)
UberGuy

 - Modelers & model Sources
Netmanx
Velo
Low Poly Cooperative
Iron Sphere Development Team
UrbanAssault

- Mappers
Blnukem

- Skinners
Numbuh 178
Blnukem

- Music/Audio Mixers & Music/Audio Sources
Blnukem
Josef Jahn

- General Support
Naosyth (special thanks for helping me get started on Torque scripting)
Castiger (Lyra)
DeathBorn (Tigr0nix)
Zaxxman
Mentulmhat
DS=DragonStalker
DeadSoldier
NiniN
The-Construct.net Forums

 --- Weapons ---

 - Draakan Flame Breath (A Draakan-only weapon)
All Draakans are born with the ability to 'breathe' fire. 
The Draakans use this as a lethal weapon of firery doom.


 --- AI Characters ---

 - Dolosus (Do-Loh-Sus) 
The fearless leader of the Draakan race.

 - Diamond Back
Dolosus' "Right Hand Man", he is Dolosus' 

 - SharpTooth
One of Dolosus' guards, he loves to eliminate enemies in the bloodiest and most painful manner possible. 

 - Iguana 
One of Dolosus' guards. His favorite pack is the Cloaking Pack, thus earning him the nickname "Iguana".

 - Snake 
One of Dolosus' soldiers.

 - Raptor
The fastest, but also the weakest of all Draakans, earning him the nickname "Raptor".

 - Rex
Though his intelligance only allows him to use grunts and roars as words, he is quite grusume in battle. 
He is one of Dolosus' soldiers.

 - Denier Of Soup
Blank

 - Warg
Blank

--- PDA Help ---

The Score Menu (Default Bind is F2) has been replaced by a PDA that you will use in the mod. 
It can download programs, run a self-statistics check, and save.

- Download Programs
You can use this to download programs to your PDA, your range from the transmitter will affect how long it will take to download.
If you're too far however, it won't download at all.

- Self-Statistics
Tells you your current stats, such as cash and your relationship with other races.

- Inventory
Shows your inventory.

- Clan Management
Use this to manage or create your own clan. You can edit your clan's name, tag, and short description at any time.

--- TroubleShooting ---

Q: Tribes 2 becomes a non-active window everytime I click something in the PDA, why?
A: Opening the mission editor appears to cause this.
S: The only solution that seems to work is restarting Tribes 2 or avoid use of the mission editor.

Q: My game crashes when I host non-dedicated servers.
A: Older versions of Structural Infinity (SI) cause crashes on non-dedicated servers. 
S: Uninstall SI, attempt to host again.

Q: My game crashes when I run Tribes 2 in offline mode without an internet connection. OR my dedicated Offline or LAN server crashes on startup.
A: Tribes 2 has buggy TCPObjects and HTTPObjects that crash when there's no internet connection.
S: Uninstall all scripts that require an internet connection. (Including TribesNext's main VL2, tscsri.vl2) 

Q: My game crahes when I run Tribes 2 on Linux via WINE.
A: The TCPObject code in older versions of the TribesNext patch is incompatible with WINE.
S: Upgrade TribesNext to the latest version.

Q: The game distorts my MP3 music by turning the pitch up or down.
A: I'm not sure what causes this, T2 has a buggy MP3 player.
S: None.

Q: My game crashes or screws up horribly when I spawn in RPG.
A: I'm not sure what causes this,
S: Delete data/savedData.cs and report the error to a developer.

Q: My dedicated server doesn't load the correct mod! And that mod doesn't even function properly.
A: Tribes 2 cannot function with multiple mods installed to gameData/.
S: Move all other mods (except classic) somewhere else.

Q: My game is all screwed up when I launch the mod.
A: Tribes 2 generates caches (.DSOs) of Tribes 2 scripts for faster loading. But these caches screw up the game.
S: Run JTLdelDSO (in the mod folder) to remove the cached files.

Q: My game crashes from none of the causes above. Why?
A: Tribes 2 sometimes conflicts with itself when there are multiple mods installed.
S: Remove all mods from Gamedata/ except T2Bol. (don't delete them) 

Sierra On-Line, Inc. owns the copyright to Tribes2.
Dark Dragon DX, DEV Team, and any associates claim the copyright
to this Modification (the "mod"), and any derivative works of this mod.
By using this mod you must agree with the end user license agreement ("EULA.txt").